# Steve Moore Woodworks
This is the code for the website of Steve Moore Woodworks. The intent of this website is to provide information about Steve Moore Woodworks and to encourage visitors to place an order with him by making it easy to see his previous works and to get in contact with the owner, Steve Moore.

Madison Academic High School
Colton Moore- Hi, I'm Colton Moore! This project brought out some new demons in my soul. I tried for a little while to help Draegan with the footer but eventually gave up and he finished it. I made the entirety of the navigation bar and got the information we needed from Steve Moore for his site. I formatted the index page, biography page, gallery pages, and order form. I added the content to the index page, biography page, and order page. I implemented mdbootstrap.com's code for the scroll to top button and wrote the JavaScript for the animation in the menu button in the navbar on mobile screens. Also, we were dissatisfied with the appearence of our website, I changed all of the backgrounds of the site and made the navbar and footer look better with the backgrounds. During this project, I discovered that I love the part of coding where everything comes together and works. Design is not my friend.

David Snell- Hello, I'm David Snell! During this project I primarily worked on the contact form for Steve Moore Woodworks as well as helping to format the gallery and writing for various parts of the site. Whenever our team had to make sure our writing was presentable and inviting to a potential visitor that was my job. I also spent time examining the flow and coloring of our website to make sure that the site was easy on the eyes. This project really made me discover that I enjoy the visual design aspects of front-end development.

Draegan Gobelet- Hey, I'm Draegan! I spent a ton of time working on the footer during this website's development. I mean, I made four different footer designs, and then I decided that I hated all of those and created ANOTHER design. Once I conquered all of the issues I was having with the footer and was finally satisfied with its design, I moved on to fixing miscellaneous issues we encountered with the site. Besides fixing up issues that we ran into throughout development, I found and implemented just about all of the pictures on the site. Additionally, I was responsible for the majority of the site's adaptability to mobile, with Colton taking care of the fancy navbar animation on small screens and figuring out the methods for me to utilize mobile-specific stlying. This project showed me just how much fun fixing issues in code can be. The process is occasionally grueling, of course, but seeing a bug-free feature, no matter how rare, is always incredibly satisfying.

-TVOLM [The Vassals Of Lord Moore (tuh-vol-um)]